it was going on people this is our
attempt she and I am back with another
TMNT rant rave review for this week's
episode entitled Mikey gets all acne so
it starts out with the turtles
attempting to make breakfast I put extra
emphasis on attempt because none of them
can cook
the only one that can cook is Mikey
Mikey is not exactly feeling so hot when
he gets out of bed because he found you
know because he's fine man he's got all
these bumps all these pimples all over
his face all over his body and yeah at
first I'm thinking it's just a right you
know just a regular sign of being a
teenager you know like you know like it
is for most humans but but come to find
out there you know the the their pimples
caused by the fact that Mikey had put
retro-mutagen of what he thought was
mutagen on his face it was actually the
ring engineered retro mutagen but it was
a bad batch and now it's it's it's
incredibly unstable so within three
hours that Donnie Donnie calculated that
within three hours those plus those
pus-filled pimples will grow to the
point where they explode
so they got three hours to engineer a
cure but they need the proper equipment
they need a high-powered centrifuge to
mix the chemicals with so they figure
that the only place they can get one is
at tcri why tcri because that's the only
place they that's the only place they
found one um so they get to tcri they
find the centrifuge but lo and behold
the person that's you know the person
that's there is Baxter Stockman now on
the flip side here's the name of the
flip side dog pound and therein as ever
aka fish face are summoned by karai
because she wants someone that she can
manipulate into into maintaining her
footbots on a regular day-to-day basis
and the only person that they know with
enough know how to do that is Baxter
Stockman Baxter Stockman is is at tcri
making a stockpile of equipment for
his own lab which he still you know when
she still has because his plan is to
make a whole army of mutants for his own
use so you have Mikey dealing with his
self-esteem because he's thinking that
no one's you know that no one's taking
him seriously which I can totally
understand and you have dog pound who
wants to be a man again he wants to be
you know on his regular old you know you
know himself and he's you know he's
dealing with that with that conflict so
I you know so I can kind of sympathize
with both of them so Mikey Mikey ends up
tracking down both Dog Pound and Baxter
Stockman at Baxter Stockman's old lab
and you see this big vat of mutagen huge
like vat of mutagen because obviously he
was planning on making a whole bunch of
mutants now he had promised dog pound
because dog pound was still keeping him
alive and you know how much of a you
know how much but you know how much of a
suck-up
Baxter Stockman is as long as you can
save his own skin he promised him that
he can make him human again yeah right
and to so to make sure that he's good on
his word dog pound puts this collar on
him that's already fit with mutagen
tubes so when he and so when he presses
his button on this little detonator he's
got it can it can explode if if Baxter
Stockman doesn't keep his word which
means that if that if it ends up
exploding he will mutate into something
and I think they're really hinting at
the fact that Baxter Stockman and the
earlier series becomes this mutant
called the fly because I I recall if
someone do making a making a little joke
about him being a bug so it's possible
that that's what they're hinting at and
I I can't wait to see what happens for
you know for this particular incarnation
so so Mikey and and dogpound go at it
right unbeknownst to the rest of the
turtles because Mikey
you know Mikey feels like okay if you're
not gonna take my ideas seriously
because he was the one that thought to
track you know to track them down to the
two Baxter's old lab and the rest of the
turtles were like now that doesn't make
any sense why would they go back there
right and so he so he tries to get the
centrifuge from them and it turns into
this big fight and the stupidest thing
they could have done was fight on these
rickety beams on the sit in the ceiling
and next thing you know dog dog pound as
big as he is
ends up crashing you know crashing down
some of the boards on the ceiling
holding onto Mikey's leg for dear life
above and an entire vet of mutagen and
falls into the mutagen now we get to see
what happens when I'm when someone
that's already been mutated it gets
doused with mutagen again lo and behold
he survives this time as Roz our or rays
are now that that straight-up is with
them you know is with the the movie
straight up reference to the movies I
love the look even though yes someone
pointed out that he does kind of look
like a scroll squirrelanoid from episode
3 of season 2 but but he's got razor
sharp teeth you know I'm saying it's
easy for him to maneuver and move around
and he can stand you can now use his
ninja skills plus he's stronger so he
likes his new form right and who asked
that you know and who has to come save
the day my team Mikey he has a site he
has his idea and knock every you know
knock everybody out I'm not exactly
gonna tell you how because I spoil it
enough um but altogether I think this
was a pretty cool episode now we got
Baxter Stockman on shredders team yet
again we got you know we got people
dealing with in turn you know internal
issues we got mutants evolving into
another form of into another mutation
and yeah it
it came together quite nicely at first
it felt like a filler but it was totally
you know it was totally totally can into
the original story so well to the
current plotline so what do you guys
think of this episode what would you
know what was your favorite part of the
episode what do you think a rose are do
you like that you do you like the form
and what do you think about that little
hint about Baxter Stockman in the you
know in the bug do you think that he's
gonna you know that this incarnation of
the fly is gonna look good or you not
are you not looking forward to it
woh Kaun just know just comment down
below and let me know and I will see you
on the next video
peace love and never be normal